Business is good.
Could it be that God has eyes?
Grant me magic
Let me take revenge
Hahaha
I really know how to do it
Mrs. Zhao and Li Jiaoer
You wait for me.
Great War Valkyrie Byrreen
See Lord Dragon King
Valkyrie didn't expect me to pretend to be the Dragon King
To attract such a big shot
Pretend to be the dragon king in front of him
Isn't it the king of self-submission?
You got the wrong person.
I'm a fortune teller.
Get up, Seiko was limited just now
What comes out of the ground is just your little tricks
Hey, the dragon jade you are wearing.
It is the exclusive magic weapon of the Dragon King
You must be the Dragon King without a doubt
When did I get a piece of jade on my body?
Lord Dragon King
My mother had a strange disease 5 years ago
No one can cure
Please also ask the Dragon King
For the sake of my family's loyalty and righteousness
Healing my mother
Please ask Lord Dragon King to treat Lord Fan?
Ok ok ok hey
Quick cleaning quick cleaning
I am not a dragon king
You can call me Xiao Wanxian or Xiao Tianshi
Either way. Uh
As for healing, I can do some
But let's be clear
If it is cured or not, you have to pay
Hahaha as long as the dragon does not
As long as the Heavenly Master is willing to take action to heal my mother
Don't talk about money
Anything I want, my Fan family agrees
Promise anything
What do you want?